---
title: "NEET UG 2024 Answer Key Released"
description: "One does not have to wait long to know how they did their NEET. Want to know how? Read on ahead to learn how to download the Answer Key for NEET 2024."
alt-tag: Neet 2024 answer key revealed. How to check?
image: /assets/images/blog/neet-key-2024.webp
thumbimage: /assets/images/blog/thumb/neet-key-2024.webp
layout: post
author: NEET Advisor
---

## How to download NEET UG 2024 Answer Key? 

Candidates can download the NEET 2024 answer key through the following steps-

- Visit the official web portal neet.nta.ac.in.
- Navigate to the NTA NEET answer key link on the homepage.
- Enter your candidate id and pin.
- The answer key will be displayed on the screen, you can download form there.
- You can see the NEET UG 2024 OMR responses sheet also.

## From which websites can the NEET UG 2024 answer key be downloaded?
- [exams.nta.ac.in/NEET/](exams.nta.ac.in/NEET/)
- [nta.ac.in](nta.ac.in)

Get the technical assistant and support from the team of NEET Advisor.

***“Get Solution to every problem, when you come to NEET Advisor!”*** 

## What are the steps to challenge NEET 2024 Answer key?

- Some students might see an Error in any answer or question in their NEET UG OMR Response Sheet 2024.
- You need to select the question and then click on the Raise Objection button.
- Now pay Rs 200/- as Objection Fees for a particular question.
- In this way you can Raise Objection in NEET UG OMR Sheet 2024.
- After that you have to wait for clarification from NTA for your Query.

Over the past 17+ Glorious Years of Excellence, our passion to guide students has led us across the length and breadth of the country.
### “Preparing for NEET is tough, but the competition for seats is even tougher!! Don’t miss the seat because of any misinformation!!”

